assalamo alaikom or met allahi wa
barakatuhu in today's lecture we are
going to talk about prophet muhammad
sallallahu alayhi wa a do salams
ancestors names in order it's a known
fact that ibraheem alehissalaam had two
sons estaba la his Salam and smile Dinah
his son Prophet Muhammad sallallahu
aleyhi wa alayhi wa sallam is from the
descendants of ismaeel alehissalaam but
from prophet muhammad sallallahu alayhi
wa sallam to either on the names of the
people are very well known and
authenticated and non conflicted between
laden on and ismail alaih-is-salaam the
names are there but there is a
difference of opinion between the ulama
however there is no difference in
opinion that prophet muhammad sallallahu
alayhi wa sallam is indeed the
descendant of his mayan alehissalaam so
today i would like to give you the names
of those people from prophet muhammad
sallallahu alayhi wasallam to attend the
word bin in arabic represents son off so
i will going to be using the word bin
between the son and the father
so when I say Mohammed bin Abdul law it
means Mohammed son of Abdullah bin Abdul
Muttalib means Abdullah is son of Abdul
Muttalib so this is how we will going to
complete the chart I memorize these
names and I would like to share these
with you so that you can also make an
effort to memorize this there are so
many things that we memorize around us
in the worldly affairs but in the love
of prophet muhammad sallallahu alayhi wa
sallam it's a great opportunity to
memorize this may allah subhan allah
Tana accept this hard work from all of
us and we're going to give us a reward
in this life and hereafter so please try
to listen to it and memorize it
Metin of the lobby lobby doesn't look
funny being huh she be knob them enough
people say pinking up bing ba-bing
ba-bing low a Bengali bin saud bin Malik
bin novel been keen on ax men Hussein
bin Mohd Erica min English bingo me
neither be mud bin Laden once again I
have met have been I don't love you know
II do not funny between hushing me
Robbie them enough impose a heaping
caleb mean more having carving know even
while I've been manic been
evolving Keenan I mean cause I'm having
mood Rica bit ideas minimal form in
Minami Martin
in Charlotte by the grace of allah
subhanho wa taala you too will be able
to memorize these names by heart
inshallah in the future lectures we will
going to discuss these names with a
brief life history about them that's
preserved in the books of history and of
course in the books of serie of prophet
muhammad sallallahu alayhi wa s-salam
ascend american or metal aji /
accountable